docs: fix bytecode storage doc (#528)
kkrt-labs/kakarot-ssj: docs/general/contract_bytecode.md

Ethereum as a DA Layer, and thus inherits from Ethereum's security guarantees,
ensuring that the bytecode of the deployed contract is always available.

> A `deploy` transaction is identified by an unexistant `to` address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `deploy` transaction is identified by an non-existent `to` address
```
